docs : update expression in input-main.md; add description for td_val_elec_XX (#1340)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/advanced/input_files/input-main.md

- **Type**: Integer
- **Description**: takes value 1, 0 and -1. 
  - if set to 1, symmetry analysis will be performed to determine the type of Bravais lattice and associated symmetry operations. (point groups only)

>   - if set to 0, only time reversal symmetry would be considered in symmetry operations, which implied k point and -k point would be treated as one Real weight k point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - if set to 0, only time reversal symmetry would be considered in symmetry operations, which implied k point and -k point would be treated as a single k point with twice the weight.
```

#### kspacing

- **Type**: Real

> - **Descrption**: Set the smallest allowed spacing between k points, unit in 1/bohr. It should be larger than 0.0, and suggest smaller than 0.25. When you have set this value > 0.0, then the KPT file is unneccessary, and the number of K points nk_i = max(1,Integer(|b_i|/KSPACING)+1), where b_i is the reciprocal lattice vector. The default value 0.0 means that ABACUS will read the applied KPT file. Notice: if gamma_only is set to be true, kspacing is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Descrption**: Set the smallest allowed spacing between k points, unit in 1/bohr. It should be larger than 0.0, and suggest smaller than 0.25. When you have set this value > 0.0, then the KPT file is unneccessary, and the number of K points nk_i = max(1, int(|b_i|/KSPACING)+1), where b_i is the reciprocal lattice vector. The default value 0.0 means that ABACUS will read the applied KPT file. Notice: if gamma_only is set to be true, kspacing is invalid.
```

> - **Descrption**: Set the smallest allowed spacing between k points, unit in 1/bohr. It should be larger than 0.0, and suggest smaller than 0.25. When you have set this value > 0.0, then the KPT file is unneccessary, and the number of K points nk_i = max(1,Integer(|b_i|/KSPACING)+1), where b_i is the reciprocal lattice vector. The default value 0.0 means that ABACUS will read the applied KPT file. Notice: if gamma_only is set to be true, kspacing is invalid.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Descrption**: Set the smallest allowed spacing between k points, unit in 1/bohr. It should be larger than 0.0, and suggest smaller than 0.25. When you have set this value > 0.0, then the KPT file is unneccessary, and the number of K points nk_i = max(1,int(|b_i|/KSPACING)+1), where b_i is the reciprocal lattice vector. The default value 0.0 means that ABACUS will read the applied KPT file. Notice: if gamma_only is set to be true, kspacing is invalid.
```

#### exx_v_threshold

- **Type**: Real

> - **Description**: See also the entry [exx_pca_threshold](#exx_pca_threshold). With the approximation $\Phi_{i}\Phi_{j}\sim C^{k}_{ij}P_{k}$, the four-center integral in Fock exchange is expressed as $(ik|jl)=\Sigma_{a,b}C^{a}_{ij}V_{ab}C^{b}_{kl}$, where $V_{ab}=(P_{a}|P_{b})$ is a Real-center integral. Smaller values of the V matrix can be truncated to accelerate calculation. The larger the threshold is, the faster the calculation and the lower the accuracy. A relatively safe choice of the value is 0, i.e. no truncation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: See also the entry [exx_pca_threshold](#exx_pca_threshold). With the approximation $\Phi_{i}\Phi_{j}\sim C^{k}_{ij}P_{k}$, the four-center integral in Fock exchange is expressed as $(ik|jl)=\Sigma_{a,b}C^{a}_{ij}V_{ab}C^{b}_{kl}$, where $V_{ab}=(P_{a}|P_{b})$ is a double-center integral. Smaller values of the V matrix can be truncated to accelerate calculation. The larger the threshold is, the faster the calculation and the lower the accuracy. A relatively safe choice of the value is 0, i.e. no truncation.
```
